---
title: Biz Idea &#35;4 - Multipurpose Play Area
tags: biz-idea
---

_I think of biz ideas all the time, so this is channeling a bit of [Ed Sheeran's "write 4-5 songs per day"][write 4-5] with most of them being bad. Just write a bunch of them down without judging the merit._

## Context

* **Industry:** Childcare/Events
* **Problem:** You want 
* **Solution:** Multipurpose area for play

## Idea

Play area where kids can be supervised by adults and left alone by parents. Parents have area where they can go relax. Would be great if the are could become a regular play-date place.

I think you'd want to segment markets:

* Expensive, one-off events like parties
* Mid tier events like family time once every month or few
* Cheaper subscriptions for regular events like several times per month

## Difficulties

* Loading up the kids to take them for a play-date is more work than just playing with neighborhood kids.
* You'd need kids and parents to have relationships that require meeting away from neighborhood. School, church, and sports friends would be good.
* If you can make it easy for kids to exercise and play while parents get a break, that'd be a big win. Especially if you can make it easy for families to be together and avoid the "we should hang out soon" loop.

## Opportunities

* If the parent area is good enough, e.g. coffee shop, the parents would want to go in addition to the kids. If you could build in the parents' desire to go rather than just the kids begging, that's a win.
* You could partner with other businesses to create packages (pizza, ice cream, toys, etc) for high end experiences. You could experiment with expanding into providing more of the packages in-house.
* Built-in referral marketing if kids do this regularly. They'd share with their friend group, who would then talk to parents to be included in the group. Additionally, parents would refer each other if their kids hung out.

[write 4-5]: https://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/ed-sheeran-reveals-uses-songwriting-10358527
